docs/product-user-guide/src/main/asciidoc/data-sets-edit-proc.adoc, before:

[id='data_sets_edit_proc']
= Editing Data Sets

You can edit existing data sets as per your requirement to ensure that the data fetched to the Dashboard displayer is up-to-date.

.Procedure
. Log in to {CENTRAL} and click *Admin* -> *Data Sets*.
. In the *Data Set Explorer* pane, select the data set you want to edit and click *Edit*.
. In the *Data Set Editor*, use the tabs to edit the data as needed. The tabs will differ based on the data set provider type you chose.
+
For example, the following changes are applicable for editing a *CSV* data provider.
+
* *CSV Configuration:* Allows you to change the name of your data set definition, the source file, the separator, and other properties.
* *Preview:* After you click *Test* in the *CSV Configuration* tab, the system executes the data set lookup call and if the data is available, you will see a preview. Note that *Preview* tab has two sub-tabs:
** *Data columns:* Allows you to customize what columns are part of your data set definition.
** *Filter:* Allows you to add a new filter.
* *Advanced:* Allows you to manage:
** *Caching:* See <<data_sets_caching_con>> for more information.
** *Cache life-cycle* See <<data_sets_refresh_con>> for more information.

Commit message:

BXMSDOC-2396 Added components & made review changes.

docs/product-user-guide/src/main/asciidoc/data-sets-edit-proc.adoc, after:

[id='data_sets_edit_proc']
= Editing Data Sets

You can edit existing data sets as per your requirement to ensure that the data fetched to the reporting components is up-to-date.

.Procedure
. Log in to {CENTRAL} and click *Admin* -> *Data Sets*.
. In the *Data Set Explorer* pane, select the data set you want to edit and click *Edit*.
. In the *Data Set Editor*, use the tabs to edit the data as needed. The tabs will differ based on the data set provider type you chose.
+
For example, the following changes are applicable for editing a *CSV* data provider.
+
* *CSV Configuration:* Allows you to change the name of your data set definition, the source file, the separator, and other properties.
* *Preview:* After you click *Test* in the *CSV Configuration* tab, the system executes the data set lookup call and if the data is available, you will see a preview. Note that *Preview* tab has two sub-tabs:
** *Data columns:* Allows you to customize what columns are part of your data set definition.
** *Filter:* Allows you to add a new filter.
* *Advanced:* Allows you to manage:
** *Caching:* See <<data_sets_caching_con>> for more information.
** *Cache life-cycle* See <<data_sets_refresh_con>> for more information.
. After making the required changes, click *Validate* to confirm if the data set is correct or not.
. Click *Save* to save the changes made to the data set.
